README.md, before:

Stately
=======

**Stately** is an unofficial [NationStates](http://www.nationstates.net/) app for Android.

[Google Play Link](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lloydtorres.stately)

### Features

* Browse your nation's data: stats, people, government, economy, rankings and happenings.
* Respond to issues encountered by your nation.
* Discover trends in national and regional census statistics.
* Login and switch between different nations.
* Read, write and reply to telegrams.
* Browse through regional factbooks and communities.
* Read, quote, post and do more in RMBs.
* Observe and vote on current World Assembly resolutions.
* Compile all your happenings together with the Activity Feed.
* Explore, endorse nations and move to different regions in NationStates.

### Revision History

* **1.5.0** - RMB improvements, census rankings/trends, vectorized icons, bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.2** - Additional safety checks, bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.1** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.0** - Telegram support, increased network timeout.
* **1.3.4** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.3.3** - Improved issue results screen.
* **1.3.2** - Bug fix for possible missing HTML element in issue results.
* **1.3.1** - Support for instant issues, bug fix for issue preventing login.
* **1.3.0** - Endorsements, move regions, RMB quote/delete, User-Agent, removed ads.
* **1.2.3** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.2.2** - Fix bug where issue option header may be different from index.
* **1.2.1** - Fix bugs with detached fragment and missing HtmlTextViews.
* **1.2.0** - Activity feed, improved BBCode parsing, Material dialogs, Flurry.
* **1.1.0** - Multi-nation login, RMB posting, WA voting, rate limiter.
* **1.0.1** - Fix bug with malformed vectors.
* **1.0.0** - Initial release.

### Libraries

Stately uses the following open-source libraries:

* [Evo Inflector](https://github.com/atteo/evo-inflector)
* [Guava](https://github.com/google/guava)
* [HtmlTextView](https://github.com/SufficientlySecure/html-textview)
* [jsoup](http://jsoup.org/)
* [KefirBB](https://github.com/kefirfromperm/kefirbb)
* [MPAndroidChart](https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart)
* [PagerSlidingTabStrip](https://github.com/jpardogo/PagerSlidingTabStrip)
* [Picasso](https://github.com/square/picasso)
* [Simple XML](http://simple.sourceforge.net/)
* [Sugar ORM](https://github.com/satyan/sugar)
* [SwipyRefreshLayout](https://github.com/OrangeGangsters/SwipyRefreshLayout)
* [Volley](http://developer.android.com/training/volley/index.html)

Stately also uses the following proprietary libraries:

* [Crashlytics](https://try.crashlytics.com/)

### License

```
Copyright 2016 Lloyd Torres

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Add Amazon link to readme

README.md, after:

Stately
=======

**Stately** is an unofficial [NationStates](http://www.nationstates.net/) app for Android.

[Stately on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lloydtorres.stately)
[Stately on the Amazon Appstore](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01E4R7T1C/ref=mas_pm_stately_for_nationstates)

### Features

* Browse your nation's data: stats, people, government, economy, rankings and happenings.
* Respond to issues encountered by your nation.
* Discover trends in national and regional census statistics.
* Login and switch between different nations.
* Read, write and reply to telegrams.
* Browse through regional factbooks and communities.
* Read, quote, post and do more in RMBs.
* Observe and vote on current World Assembly resolutions.
* Compile all your happenings together with the Activity Feed.
* Explore, endorse nations and move to different regions in NationStates.

### Revision History

* **1.5.0** - RMB improvements, census rankings/trends, vectorized icons, bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.2** - Additional safety checks, bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.1** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.4.0** - Telegram support, increased network timeout.
* **1.3.4** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.3.3** - Improved issue results screen.
* **1.3.2** - Bug fix for possible missing HTML element in issue results.
* **1.3.1** - Support for instant issues, bug fix for issue preventing login.
* **1.3.0** - Endorsements, move regions, RMB quote/delete, User-Agent, removed ads.
* **1.2.3** - Bug fixes and improvements.
* **1.2.2** - Fix bug where issue option header may be different from index.
* **1.2.1** - Fix bugs with detached fragment and missing HtmlTextViews.
* **1.2.0** - Activity feed, improved BBCode parsing, Material dialogs, Flurry.
* **1.1.0** - Multi-nation login, RMB posting, WA voting, rate limiter.
* **1.0.1** - Fix bug with malformed vectors.
* **1.0.0** - Initial release.

### Libraries

Stately uses the following open-source libraries:

* [Evo Inflector](https://github.com/atteo/evo-inflector)
* [Guava](https://github.com/google/guava)
* [HtmlTextView](https://github.com/SufficientlySecure/html-textview)
* [jsoup](http://jsoup.org/)
* [KefirBB](https://github.com/kefirfromperm/kefirbb)
* [MPAndroidChart](https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart)
* [PagerSlidingTabStrip](https://github.com/jpardogo/PagerSlidingTabStrip)
* [Picasso](https://github.com/square/picasso)
* [Simple XML](http://simple.sourceforge.net/)
* [Sugar ORM](https://github.com/satyan/sugar)
* [SwipyRefreshLayout](https://github.com/OrangeGangsters/SwipyRefreshLayout)
* [Volley](http://developer.android.com/training/volley/index.html)

Stately also uses the following proprietary libraries:

* [Crashlytics](https://try.crashlytics.com/)

### License

```
Copyright 2016 Lloyd Torres

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
